the kitchen watch out for the bomb oh my
god for it is where we're going but once
the elevator so you wanna come yeah no
no no we're not hide it fit fit an
elevator there's film before I don't
look where you going really sure
wherever you're going thank you up i'll
give you these people we going yeah
watch out for the bus now ripping one
thing from you have to wait to talk to
the people acknowledge find those three
people we're good hey Buddha yeah yeah
who's gonna pick again ah
turn the prices yeah the video to video
so you can move around good night we're
going one of you can't say anything no
we're not supposed a nice buttons
remember sure so why you should be in
the video I've taken like seven I wrong
for one we're going for one we're going
to know we're fine till my alarm goes
off sick right on the other side of all
of it all right are you a hard times
have you written up and down there just
like once or twice we gotta get this kid
dance for us dedicated leave you to the
elevator you should do it or not it's
really adventurous what do you enjoy the
air
dash the building permit or how can you
make a video oh really so I it's all
done I want you we're moving then like
what my girl thought we were to follow
me on the way down but not on the way up
I thought she's making like a faith
because we're like weird or something
image is that varies by you how much I
don't know tell the alarm goes off my
phone look hit war for other bills get
on 64 should go find them
we get off and go the other one we're
going really wanna say no what that'd be
so fun if you have like a pack of people
let me just write it now i know i'm
sorry i don't know what I don't even
remember come on come on how's that Oh
Paul I'm Jack nice to meet you Jess nice
to meet you and this is your friend I'm
lean claim mean la en that's a nice guy
named are you mean sigma pi I am a pie
how did you guess I thought your shirt
how are you Ben Jordan oh cool he's been
a roommate that is crazy I should let
him know that I just had kind of lunch
with him today really yeah crime scene
of all today he left for morning Edward
Albee's yeah I applied there been hiring
oh they probably would have I called
them back but I didn't really feel like
working anymore it seems like he's
always working so he once he started
working start with last week he's been
working like crazy yeah huh why did your
thing just go on it didn't go off why
they need to switch to the other floor
oh love oh well we live in pioneer
source oh yeah your sheets and buying it
I are used to go to pioneer well what I
came to check your mail I don't I have
roommates cool data for me what is it
she's actually then it would go to my
house Oh blue digit pioneer not they'll
think I'm here anymore what did you get
I nice so how long have you girls been
on the elevator seven minutes every
minute I set my alarm for seven minutes
or even seven minutes over there and
once we do it here we have to do it
normal do you frequent the elevators
it's the first night we had this idea
you guys need to call me next time you
want to spend our dealers sorry it's so
funny because we had a guy that walked
in with a metal cages like watch out for
the bomb I was gonna shake it up we can
smoke in the air every time in closer me
you can get all right now I'm marking
time just gonna all right then all right
got it got it got out of your control
what is the movie called Jeb elevated
three spectacular
you